Commission and Staff

Back to Home Page
Back to Planning and Zoning
 Printer Friendly View

The Planning Commission consists of nine members:  four appointed by the Mayor of the City of Georgetown and City Council, four appointed by the Judge Executive of Scott County and Fiscal Court, and one joint member appointed by both.

Planning Commissioners
 

Jeff Caldwell (City)  Appointed January 2012

Greg Hampton (City)  Appointed January 2007

Janet Holland (Joint)  Appointed March 2006

Rob Jones (Stamping Ground)  Appointed March 2011

Byron Moran (City)  Appointed December 2013

John Shirley (City)  Appointed January 2012

Steve Smith (County)  Appointed July 2012

Frank Wiseman (County)  Appointed February 2012


Staff
 

Joe Kane, Director

Joe was hired in March 2009.  He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Archaeology from the University of Florida in May 1989 and worked for two years for the Florida State Museum in Gainesville, Florida.  Afterwards, Joe spent a year working on archaeological survey projects in Greece and on the island of Crete.  He returned to graduate school and received an MA in Urban and Regional Planning from the University of Florida in 1995.  He worked for county planning offices in the St. Louis and Atlanta regions until forming an Historic Property Restoration Company in Lexington, Kentucky in 2000.  Joe was made Director in January, 2014.
 

Megan Enyeart, Planner II

Megan was hired in September, 2012.  She is a highly motivated urban planner with a B.A. in Architecture from Yale University and a Master of Urban Planning from the University of Louisville.  In her two years as a Graduate Research Assistant at U of L’s City Solutions Center, Megan worked on several streetscape improvement projects, participating in the public charrette process and research and design stages.  In the summer of 2012, she interned in Dessau, Germany, where she coordinated an international summer school on the topic of “Energy Landscapes.”  With her background in architecture and planning, Megan is ready to provide design and policy solutions targeting improvements in the public realm.


Matthew Summers, Planner I

Matt was hired in May, 2014.  He has a BS in Geography from Oklahoma State University, and an MA in Public Administration from Western Kentucky University.  Matt has worked for the City of Lawton, Oklahoma on numerous projects from zoning, to walkability, to parkland acquisition.  He worked as a Transportation Planner for the Barren River ADD collecting data and improving the transportation planning process for South Central Kentucky. 

 

Brent Combs, Engineer

Brent was hired in November 2010.


John Carter, Senior Engineering Technician

John was hired as the Senior Development Inspector in March 2006.  He became Senior Engineering Technician September 11, 2006.  John retired from the Lexington-Fayette Urban County Government, Division of Engineering, in January, 2005 after 28+ years of service in the New Construction section.  He graduated from the University of Kentucky in 1984.  John sat on the Planning Commission for two years and has been a resident of Scott County since 1984.
 

Perry W. Johnston, Engineering Technician

Perry was hired as Engineering Technician in September 2006.  He has recently retired as a Transportation Engineering Tech III with State government, serving there with 28+ years experience in road construction and bridge maintenance.  He has been a resident of Scott County since 1998.
 

Whitley Wolfe, GIS Analyst

Whitley was hired in September, 2012.  She graduated from Morehead State University in December 2010 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Geography.  She worked in the GIS Department at the Bluegrass Area Development District for 2+ years, where she spent much of her time helping cities update their city boundaries to be in agreement with Secretary of State records.  Whitley also assisted counties in creating new precinct boundary maps during congressional redistricting.  In addition to office work, she was able to spend considerable field time becoming proficient with Trimble GPS equipment.
 

Ryan Cooper, GIS Technician

Ryan was hired in April, 2014.  He holds BAs in Geography and German from Ball State University and completed his MA in Geography at the University of Kentucky in May of 2013.  He has worked on a variety of projects including mapping Twitter data in suburban Indianapolis, developing course materials for UK’s online GIS program, and creating custom cartography for municipal redistricting in the Netherlands.  Still, through his experiences working with community organizations and local government departments in Muncie, Indiana and Frankfort, Ryan has developed a real passion for opening up the power of mapping and data visualization as tool for the community.

 

Charles M. Perkins, Planning Commission Attorney

Charlie has served the Planning Commission as staff attorney and hearing officer since 1985.  He has previously worked as the Assistant Scott County Attorney and currently serves as counsel for the Georgetown Housing Authority and the City of Georgetown.  He also maintains a private practice in Georgetown.  Charlie is a graduate from Georgetown High School and attended Georgetown College.  He completed his undergraduate work at the University of Kentucky and is also a graduate of the University of Kentucky College of Law.


Mary Somerville, Office Manager / Payroll Administrator

Mary was hired as the Office Manager in 1988 when the Planning Office became a full time office.   Her duties include maintaining all personnel information, processing payroll and payroll liabilities, filing quarterly and annual tax returns, keeping all financial records, composing the month newsletter The Skinny, preparing minutes of meetings, and preparing the TRC and Commission packets.  She is also the Website Manager.

History of Planning Commissioners and Staff
1970* – Present

David Ashley	Mike Bradley**	David Kenley
Kay Bell	Sid Hisel	William Peters
Barry Brock	Kent Hollingsworth	Richard Prater**
John Carter	Robert Hopkins	Porter Prather**
Earnest Cook	Anna Isaacs	Jess Sams
Al Davis	Victor Johnson	John Sharpe
Neil Duncliffe	David Knox	Jim Singer
E. L. Garner	John Lacy**	Robert Snyder**
David Graves	Omer Lee	Sara Sutton**
Melissa Waite**	Perry Mace	James Thomason
Johnny Griffin	E. Raymond Murphy	Lucille Waldo
Pete Gritton	Don Olver	Robert Wallace Ward
Jane Hay	Ed Overstreet	Elizabeth Williams
Arnold Hayden	Charlie Perkins	Craig Zeysing
Bill Hays	Helen W. Mitchell	Janet Holland
Ralph Tackett	Jimmy Richardson	Greg Hampton**
Jeff Caldwell	John Shirley	Bias Tilford
Cindy Foster	Steve Smith	Steve Woodrum
 	Byron Moran	Horace Wynn


Attorneys	Planning Directors	Planners	Engineers
David Knox	Steve Mooney	Steven D. Austin	Ira M. Gray
David Ashley	Anna Isaacs (Acting, part-time)	Steven Biel	A. Bradley Frazier
Charlie Perkins	Beth K. Stewart	Steven Gardner (Intern)	Benjamin Krebs
Stephen D. Austin	Rachel Phillips, AICP	Brent Combs
W. Craig Morris	Lance Estep	
Kelley Klepper, AICP	Andrew J. Ardary	
Rachel Phillips, AICP	Rhonda G. Cromer	
 	Michael A. Sapp	Curt Freese	 
 	Earl Smith	Bonnie Skinner	 
 	Joe Kane	Brian Shorkey	 
 	 	Joe Kane, AICP	 
 	 	Megan Enyeart	 
Assistant Director	 
Robert K. Hewitt	 
Eric Larson	 
Pat Shoemaker	 
 	 
Development Inspectors	GIS Analysts	GIS Technicians	GIS Managers
Brent Pergrem	Saundra Gano	Earl Smith	Earl Smith
Sabra Garmon	Jennifer Weston	Melissa Bridges	 
Mike Caudill	Earl Smith	Jeremy Manning	
Linda Staggs	Jeremy Manning	Todd Reidenbach	
John Carter	Matt Tolar	Whitley Wolfe	 
Kelvin Combs	Whitley Wolfe	Ryan Cooper	 
 	 	 	 
Senior Engineering Technicians	Engineering Technicians
John Carter	Kelvin Combs
 	Perry Johnston
 	 
Office Managers	Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Pam Bradley Mooney	Carolyn Martin	
Mary Somerville	 	 
 	 	 

*  beginning of joint City/County Planning Commission
**  Chairman