Floodplain Information	
Back to Home Page

 

Click on the logo above to enter FEMA's website for information on floodplain maps

If you have questions regarding floodplains in Scott County you can access several FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency) websites below to research a property's flood risk.  FEMA is the agency of the US government tasked with Disaster Mitigation, Preparedness, Response and Recovery Planning.

To obtain a FEMA Issued Flood Map, aka FIRM Map (Flood Insurance Rate Map), you can either stop by the Planning Commission office to look at our copies here in the office or you can order one directly from FEMA on their website by clicking here.

To access a FEMA webpage that you can type in a specific address to obtain flood risk information, please click here.

New Floodplain Maps to Become Official January 2014

You may or may not know that Scott County, Georgetown, Stamping Ground, and Sadieville are part of the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP).  If buying a house and property, the lender usually requests documentation on whether it is located in a flood zone that would require flood insurance.

The official maps, called Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRM), that are currently being used are from September, 1981.  The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) performed a re-evaluation of the maps and provided the four Scott County entities with preliminary copies of the maps in September, 2009.  That started a public review and comment period that was completed in 2010, and now the maps are ready for adoption.

The four entities have just received letters of final determination from FEMA, which state that the new FIRM maps will become effective on January 8, 2014.  To remain in the National Flood Insurance Program, these four entities have six months to adopt the floodplain management regulations that meet the standards of the NFIP regulations.  The Planning Commission will be helping the entities with this endeavor.

If you currently have flood insurance, these new maps may take your structure out of the floodplain and your insurance needs could be re-evaluated.  Conversely, the map re-evaluation also identified properties that were not shown in a floodplain before, but now are.  Also of note is a process whereby property can be “grandfathered” under the 1981 maps to obtain low-risk insurance.  If you have any questions, please contact the Planning Commission office at 867-3701. 

Scott County & State of KY Information

If you have any further questions, please direct them to Scott County's Floodplain Coordinator at
502-867-3701.

Floodplain Ordinance: Georgetown, Sadieville, Stamping Ground & Scott County
Floodplain Development Permit Application
KY Division of Water: Floodplain Management
 
FEMA Flood Map Modernization

Scott County is currently in the process of updating the floodplain maps.  Click here to view the progress of the FEMA Flood Map Modernization project.